WWW. research-innovator. com
Research Innovator
ISSN 2348-7674
International M multidisciplinary research J ornal
This is not the way.
Cowboys, milkmen and fruit-bearing trees near the house are harmful to women and children.
The cutting of trees is an enemy threat, the milking tree is a destroyer of wealth and the fruit bearing tree is a destroyer and should not be planted in the house.
Asana: Kastakino Ripubayada: Kshirinoranashaya | FLIN: Prajakshayaka Darunyapi Varjydesham.
(Brihat Samhita 53 / 86) Badri Kadali Chav Dadimi seed filled.
Promonti Griha Yatra Tala Griha Na Prorohti. (Samaragana Sutradhar 38 / 136)
The house in which Ber, Banana, Pomegranate and Lemon grow,
There is no growth of that house.
Peepal, Kadamba, Banana, Biju Neem- the house that
There is no breeding ground for the people living there
It would have been.
Ashwathth Ka Kadamban Ka Kadamban Kaadalibijapurakam
Gharhe Yasya Prohonti Se Grihi Na Prohoti | (Ar. 87 / 6)
Peepal, Kadamba, Banana, Biju.
The house in which lemon is
There is no breeding of those living there.
Tulsi installed inside the house is beneficial for human beings, giving wealth and sons, pious and devoted to Hari bhakti.
6 (Brahmavaivarta Purana, Krishna 103 / 62 - 63)
One should not plant Tulsi tree in the south direction from his house, otherwise Yama Torture
Volume IL Issue IV: August 2016 (80)
You have to suffer. (Bhavishya Purana, 6 May)
Malathi Mallika Mochana Chichcha Sweta Parajitam | Vastukyanya Ropeyadyastu Sastren Nihanyate | (Vastu Soukyam p. 38)
Malti, Mallika, Mocha (cotton) Imli, Shweta (Vishnukranta) and Aparajita get hit on Vastu Bhoomi, he is killed with the weapon.
A garden that makes a garden in the east, north, west or north direction of the house is always full of Gayatri, the giver of alms, and the giver of sacrifices. But he who makes a garden in the fire south, southwest or north west gets a loss of wealth and son and disrepute in the world.
If the shadow of a tree, temple, etc., falls on a house in the second and third afternoons of the day, it is always painful.
Plantation of trees and plants near the house has also been considered auspicious due to which the habitat and surrounding environment occupies a very important place in lifestyle and traditions.
1 Ashwattha: - (Peepal tree) The Peepal tree is considered as the most auspicious and divine tree and is worshipped all over the country.
Editor-In-C chief: Professor, K.N.
% s (% s)
